oh what do I do if it literally hurts to
exist if you're like disabled or have
some sort of crazy health condition this
isn't really for you but you can send
this video to your able-bodied friends
so they stop complaining to you step one
gain a range of motion and step number
two strengthen that range the splits is
great but it's kind of useless if you
can't activate your muscles in that
position and hold yourself up your back
is probably extremely stiff if you don't
move it a lot figure out how to gain a
range of motion and I know you know
what's coming next figure out how to
strengthen it my knee hurts well figure
out how to stretch it from one side and
then the other and now that you've got
an increased range of motion figure out
how to strengthen that range of motion
and it's not like you have to do the
crazy stuff like I'm doing you can do
easy stuff too stay flexy